The Microsoft Locations and Times of Task Execution (MS-LaTTE) dataset is a collection of 10,101 to-do tasks, each of
which is annotated for the likely locations and times of day at which it is completed. It is stored in the file MS-LaTTE.json.

Each to-do task has been annotated by 3 annotators for location and 5 annotators for time to represent the propensities
of different people, and resulting diversity, in when and where tasks are most often completed.

In the dataset, each entry is a json dictionary with the following keys:

- ID: an identifier for instances in the data.

- TaskTitle: the name of the to-do task.

- ListTitle: the name of the list in which the to-do task often appears.

- LocJudgements: a list of 3 or 4 judgements for the likely locations at which this to-do task is completed. 4 judgements
are supplied in cases when there is a 3-way disagreement between the first 3 judgements. Further, each judgement contains the following properties:

    + Known: a boolean value, indicating whether this to-do task is known to the annotator. The location labels specified below
    are given if and only if the value is Yes.

    + Locations (optional): one or more broad location categories. They can be Home, Work or Public.

    + PublicLocations (optional): one or more fine-grained public location categories, specified when Public is noted as one of
    the broad Locations categories. This list is populated from amongst 69 public location labels.

- TimeJudgements: a list of 5 judgements for the likely times of day at which this to-do task is completed. Each judgement
contains the following properties:

    + Known: a boolean value, indicating whether this to-do task is known to the annotator. The time labels are given if and
    only if this value is Yes.

    + Times (optional): one or more times of day. These time labels are combinations of weekday (WD) or weekend (WE),
    and morning, afternoon, evening, night and anytime, yielding a total of 10 possible time labels.